{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf290
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red204\green51\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 \
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 If you get compile errors because of this and do not intend to use the SpaceManager then simply remove the "Chipmunk SpaceManager" group and all files in it from the project!\cf3 \ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf3 \
\
\
To use the SpaceManager see the following lesson on my website:\
http://www.learn-cocos2d.com/knowledge-base/tutorial-professional-cocos2d-xcode-project-template/learn-cocos2d-public-content/manual/1601/14534-integrating-the-chipmunk-spacemanager\
\
\
Tested with SpaceManager 0.0.4\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 If you open this Xcode Project you will notice that the files in the "Chipmunk SpaceManager" group are red. This means they could not be found.\
\
\cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf3 If you want it really easy, download the SpaceManager files into a folder named: chipmunk-spacemanager-read-only\
This is the default folder name if you run the svn checkout command:\
	svn checkout http://chipmunk-spacemanager.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ chipmunk-spacemanager-read-only\
\
Make sure the spacemanager folder is in the same folder as the cocos2d-project folder. Eg they need to be next to each other in the same folder (see below). Then the files will be found and no longer be red.\
\
Both must be in the same folder:\
/\cf0 chipmunk-spacemanager-read-only\cf3 \
/cocos2d-project\
\
\
Finally, you will have to re-add the files to the Targets by clicking on the "use in target" checkbox when you select the files. I removed that checkbox so that the project compiles without errors even if the files are missing or outdated. If you don't know what i mean by that, follow the steps below, this will help.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Otherwise:\ulnone \
\
Download and unzip the SpaceManager files anywhere:\
http://code.google.com/p/chipmunk-spacemanager/\
\
From the "src" folder add the files that are shown as red to the project. Do not add the cpAtlasSprite files! Then delete the red duplicate files from the project.\
}